Update User Guide - Use Cache Options from WMS service (#10362)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

!!! note
    If the **No Vendor** is set, then [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/) will not use any vendor option supported only by GeoServer in the OGC requests where this source is involved.

> * *Use remote custom tile grids*: allows use of the layer cached tiles. If checked, the *Tiled=true* URL parameter will be added to the WMS request to [use tiles cached with GeoWebCache](https://docs.geoserver.org/latest/en/user/geowebcache/using.html#direct-integration-with-geoserver-wms), these will be automatically applied to the [Layer Settings](layer-settings.md#display) when a layer is added to the map from this source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Use remote custom tile grids*: if checked, allows to set by default the _custom tile grid caching strategy_ when a layer is added to the map from this source as described in [Layer Settings](layer-settings.md#display).
```
